Okay, one little problem with our test on
the controller right now, is we are
testing that it does provide an
attribute of recipes and it does get a
set there. But we're not actually doing
any verification of that set. So what we
wanna do here, or what we can do I
should say is an argument capture. So
let's set up our test a little bit more
here. And we'll say given,
and we're gonna create a new HashSet here.
Let's add in two recipes. Let's make this
a little more interesting. Now we wanna
say when().
We'll see the syntax here. I need to cheat
sometimes, when recipeService
getRecipes(). Okay then return our recipes Set
and this is a standard syntax of a
behavior driven test. So we're
saying given when then. So we wanna
create an argument matcher as well, so do
that up here.
So line here on line 47 creates an
ArgumentCaptor for the class Set. And
missing equals there. So now we wanna
come down to the verify line and rather
than anySet(), we're gonna replace
that with the argumentCaptor and
against a capture() what is passed into
that. Now we can come down and say Set,
say argumentCaptor.getvalue()
and let's do assertEquals, and we'll say
setInController.size(). So we just
verify the size of that Set. We wanna make sure that we get back a Set with
two items in it. So let's go ahead
and run this now and we'll verify that
it runs properly and we only got one, so
not what we expected. So let's take a
little closer look at this and what I am
going to do is come in here and I'm
gonna put a debug on that and let's
take a peek at the debugger on this. And
we can see that our recipes is actually
only one because I added in two recipes
and we have the equals function on there. They're actually technically equal so
being the second object essentially was not merged into
the Set. So we can easily fix that. That's
a problem in our model here
and IntelliJ is having a problem with
the getters and setters on this. And that
this is a problem without using Project
Lombok sometimes. So this should run
and now we can see that it's passing
correctly. So when you run into a problem
like this, because right now in IntelliJ,
this is a problem with Project Lombok.
The method is actually there but
IntelliJ thinks that it is not and
you'll see this occasionally
and what I need to do is come up here
and probably do a Invalidate Caches / Restart and then we'll get that re-index
properly. Actually there's a setting. I
can double check right now because you
may have to do this at home. In the
compiler.
Under the compiler, we're gonna go to
Annotation Processors and Enable
Annotation processing. Apply, say OK and
that now should clear that up. So I'll
rebuild the project. Okay, IntelliJ is still
not picking that up. So if you do see
this you do have to come over here and
do an Invalidate Caches / Restart and then
that should be happy. But you can see how
IntelliJ isn't properly saying that
setId() isn't there but it is there on the
compiled class because
our test is now passing. Because we did
say expected 2 and on the second
object, we are setting an ID value. So now
we'll run it in debug so you can see
this again. I'm coming here, debug and now
we can see that the recipes object
actually has two because now we have two
different objects and now our Set is
proper and our assert will work properly.